docs/src/30-reference/configuration/vault.md, before:

# Vault configuration

## Vault configuration
Throughout the deployment process, the Cloud Pak Deployer will create secrets in a vault and retrieve them later. Examples of secrets are: ssh keys, Cloud Pak for Data admin password. Additionally, when provisioning infrastructure no the IBM Cloud, the resulting Terraform state file is also stored in the vault so it can be used later if the configuration needs to be changed.

Configuration of the vault is done through a `vault` object in the configuration. If you want to use the file-based vault in the status directory, you do not need to configure anything.

The following Vault implementations can be used to store and retrieve secrets:
- File Vault (no encryption)
- IBM Cloud Secrets Manager
- Hashicorp Vault (token authentication)
- Hashicorp Vault (certificate authentication)

The **File Vault** is the default vault and also the simplest. It does not require a password and all secrets are stored in base-64 encoding in a properties file under the `<status_directory>/vault` directory. The name of the vault file is the `environment_name` you specified in the global configuration, inventory file or at the command line.

All of the other vault options require some secret manager (IBM Cloud service or Hashicorp Vault) to be available and you need to specify a password or provide a certificate.

Sample Vault config:
```
vault:
  vault_type: file-vault
  vault_authentication_type: none
```

### Properties for all vault implementations

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_type | Chosen implementation of the vault                                 | Yes       | file-vault, ibmcloud-vault, hashicorp-vault |

### Properties for `file-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for the file vault            | No        | none          |

### Properties for `ibmcloud-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for the file vault            | No        | api-key          |
| vault_url | URL for the IBM Cloud secrets manager instance                      | Yes       |           |

### Properties for `hashicorp-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for the file vault            | No        | api-key, certificate   |
| vault_url | URL for the Hashicorp vault, this is typically https://hostname:8200 | Yes       |           |
| vault_api_key | When authentication type is api-key, the field to authenticate with | Yes       |           |
| vault_secret_path | Default secret path to store and retrieve secrets into/from | Yes       |           |
| vault_secret_field | Default field to store or retrieve secrets | Yes       | |
| vault_secret_path_append_group | Determines whether or not the secrete group will be appended to the path | Yes       | True (default), False |
| vault_secret_base64 | Depicts if secrets are stored in base64 format for Hashicorp Vault | Yes       | True (default), False |

Commit message:

feat: Add Ansible Vault support for secure secret management
Implement Ansible Vault as a new vault type option, providing encrypted
secret storage using Ansible's built-in vault functionality. This offers
a good balance between security and ease of use without requiring external
services like HashiCorp Vault or IBM Cloud Secrets Manager.

Key Changes:
- Add 'ansible-vault' as a new supported vault type
- Add 'password-file' authentication method for Ansible Vault
- Implement vault connection validation with password file checks
- Add encrypted secret storage and retrieval operations
- Include automatic retry logic with vault reconnection on failures

New Components:
- connect-ansible-vault.yml: Validates password file and connection
- get-secret-ansible-vault.yml: Decrypts and retrieves secrets securely
- create-secret-ansible-vault.yml: Encrypts and stores secrets
- vault-ansible-vault.yaml: Sample configuration file

Documentation:
- Update vault.md with Ansible Vault configuration details
- Add usage examples and password file creation instructions
- Document authentication requirements and best practices

Technical Implementation:
- Secrets stored in encrypted files under status_dir/vault/
- Uses temporary files for secure decrypt/encrypt operations
- Automatic cleanup of temporary decrypted content
- Base64 encoding for secret values
- Support for secret groups and individual secret management

Resolves: #735

docs/src/30-reference/configuration/vault.md, after:

# Vault configuration

## Vault configuration
Throughout the deployment process, the Cloud Pak Deployer will create secrets in a vault and retrieve them later. Examples of secrets are: ssh keys, Cloud Pak for Data admin password. Additionally, when provisioning infrastructure no the IBM Cloud, the resulting Terraform state file is also stored in the vault so it can be used later if the configuration needs to be changed.

Configuration of the vault is done through a `vault` object in the configuration. If you want to use the file-based vault in the status directory, you do not need to configure anything.

The following Vault implementations can be used to store and retrieve secrets:
- File Vault (no encryption)
- Ansible Vault (encrypted with password)
- IBM Cloud Secrets Manager
- Hashicorp Vault (token authentication)
- Hashicorp Vault (certificate authentication)

The **File Vault** is the default vault and also the simplest. It does not require a password and all secrets are stored in base-64 encoding in a properties file under the `<status_directory>/vault` directory. The name of the vault file is the `environment_name` you specified in the global configuration, inventory file or at the command line.

The **Ansible Vault** provides encryption for secrets using Ansible's built-in vault functionality. Secrets are stored in encrypted files under the `<status_directory>/vault` directory, protected by a password file. This provides a good balance between security and ease of use without requiring external services.

All of the other vault options require some secret manager (IBM Cloud service or Hashicorp Vault) to be available and you need to specify a password or provide a certificate.

Sample Vault config:
```
vault:
  vault_type: file-vault
  vault_authentication_type: none
```

### Properties for all vault implementations

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_type | Chosen implementation of the vault                                 | Yes       | file-vault, ansible-vault, ibmcloud-vault, hashicorp-vault |

### Properties for `file-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for the file vault            | No        | none          |

### Properties for `ansible-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for ansible vault              | Yes       | password-file |
| vault_password_file | Path to the file containing the ansible-vault password | Yes       |           |

Sample Ansible Vault config:
```
vault:
  vault_type: ansible-vault
  vault_authentication_type: password-file
  vault_password_file: /path/to/vault-password-file
```

**Note:** The password file should contain only the password (no newline at the end is recommended). You can create it using: `echo -n "your-secure-password" > /path/to/vault-password-file`

### Properties for `ibmcloud-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for the file vault            | No        | api-key          |
| vault_url | URL for the IBM Cloud secrets manager instance                      | Yes       |           |

### Properties for `hashicorp-vault`

| Property | Description                                                          | Mandatory | Allowed values |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------------- |
| vault_authentication_type | Authentication method for the file vault            | No        | api-key, certificate   |
| vault_url | URL for the Hashicorp vault, this is typically https://hostname:8200 | Yes       |           |
| vault_api_key | When authentication type is api-key, the field to authenticate with | Yes       |           |
| vault_secret_path | Default secret path to store and retrieve secrets into/from | Yes       |           |
| vault_secret_field | Default field to store or retrieve secrets | Yes       | |
| vault_secret_path_append_group | Determines whether or not the secrete group will be appended to the path | Yes       | True (default), False |
| vault_secret_base64 | Depicts if secrets are stored in base64 format for Hashicorp Vault | Yes       | True (default), False |
